Nobody is smarter than you.
I'm not telling you to be arrogant,
I'm just telling you to be confident because
with confident comes the ability to sell an idea,
raise money, get a job, close deals.
And I want you to stop this recording,
this video right now, please,
and go to YouTube and watch this video.
And I mentioned it before but it's very important. I watched it multiple times.
And it's a Steve Jobs video.
So I want you to search on this in YouTube,
"Steve Jobs nobody is smarter than you" or "Steve Jobs smarter than you".
And once you realize that everything
around you was created by people that are no smarter than you, you'll never be the same.
So watch that video.
It's very touching and motivating and inspiring as well.